README.md, before:

# PrivateOffice

PrivateOffice is a self-hosted alternative to Google Office or Microsoft Office, designed to provide users with the ability to create and edit text documents in a secure and private environment. It aims to offer similar functionality to popular office suites, while ensuring the privacy and control of user data.

## Features 
### 📝 Documents
Create and edit plain text documents. These are only accesible to your account and no one else, apart from the server admin.
### 📊 Sheets
Use sheets to manage all your data in more clear way.
### 👥 User system
Log in to your account to view, edit or delete your files.
### 👥 Document Collaboration: 
PrivateOffice offers collaboration features, enabling multiple users to work on the same document.

## Getting Started

To set up and run PrivateOffice on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: ``` git clone https://github.com/Flopflak/PrivateOffice.git ```
2. Change into the project directory: cd PrivateOffice
    * Create a virtual environment (optional): ``` python3 -m venv venv ```
    * Activate the virtual environment (optional):
        - For Windows: ``` venv\Scripts\activate.bat ```
        - For Unix or Linux: ``` source venv/bin/activate ```
3. Run the application: ``` python main.py ```
4. Open your web browser and visit http://localhost to access PrivateOffice.

## License

The PrivateOffice application is currently licensed under a [proprietary license](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Flopflak/PrivateOffice/main/LICENCE). Please familiarize yourself with it before using it.

## Disclaimer

PrivateOffice is a personal project and is not affiliated with or endorsed by anyone other than me.

Commit message:

-Changes to README.md -Improved experience in production -Added config.py

README.md, after:

# PrivateOffice

PrivateOffice is a self-hosted alternative to Google Office or Microsoft Office, designed to provide users with the ability to create and edit text documents in a secure and private environment. It aims to offer similar functionality to popular office suites, while ensuring the privacy and control of user data.

## Features 
### 📝 Documents
Create and edit plain text documents. These are only accessible to your account and no one else, apart from the server admin.
### 📊 Sheets
Use sheets to manage all your data in more clear way.
### 👥 User system
Log in to your account to view, edit or delete your files.
### 👥 Document Collaboration: 
PrivateOffice offers collaboration features, enabling multiple users to work on the same document.

## Getting Started

To set up and run PrivateOffice on your local machine, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository: ``` git clone https://github.com/Flopflak/PrivateOffice.git ```
2. Change into the project directory: cd PrivateOffice
    * Create a virtual environment (optional): ``` python3 -m venv venv ```
    * Activate the virtual environment (optional):
        - For Windows: ``` venv\Scripts\activate.bat ```
        - For Unix or Linux: ``` source venv/bin/activate ```
3. Run the application: ``` python main.py ```
4. Open your web browser and visit http://localhost to access PrivateOffice.

- ⚙️ If you want to modify the code yourself, change option ```production``` to ```False``` for better experience.

## License

The PrivateOffice application is currently licensed under a [proprietary license](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Flopflak/PrivateOffice/main/LICENCE). Please familiarize yourself with it before using it.

## Disclaimer

PrivateOffice is a personal project and is not affiliated with or endorsed by anyone other than me.
